Efficient Management Instruction

Welcome to our company management system -- Efficient Management !

The Web App address is https://cs309-proj.herokuapp.com

There are 4 pages for our website: Home page, employee page, company page, superadmin page.

There are 3 roles for our management system: employee, company(admin or manager or boss), 
                                             superadmin(website admin).

Login Credentials
Superadmin account: username: superadmin 
                    password: 111

There are two companies already regiestered for mock test data -- G00GLE, APPIC COMPUTER INC
G00GLE company account: username: G00gle
                        password: 111

APPIC COMPUTER INC account: username: Appic Computer Inc 
                            password: 111

When you login to these two company, you will see the 'All Employee' operation, 
click it, then you will see the all employees information. If you want to test any employee account 
using mock data, the all username for employees of mock data is their names and the all passwords are 111


Website Instruction

Home page

Clicking our web app link https://cs309-proj.herokuapp.com to visit our website, then you will see the 
home page. If you are first time to use the website, please view the website introduction block and 
'How To Apply' Block.Clicking the orange sign up button, then the small sign up information table will appear,
select what kind of account you want to create, company or employee, then fill in the required information 
in the table then click submit, the account successfullly sign up and login automatically to the company
page or employee page. If you already have a company or employee account just fill in 'Username' and 
'Passoword' in the 'Login' block on the left side， then click the orange 'Login' button. If you forget 
the password, click the blue 'Forget Password' button, then a table for reset password will appear, fill in
the correct account information and the new password you want to reset, then click the orange submit button.
On the right corner of website, there is a search bar, you can search any company name you want, then click
the grey magnifying glass in the right of the bar, then it will show a table for the search result. If the
company already registered, it will appear in the table list, if it did not registered, you will got
'No entries yet..'. Finally, once you finish sign up a new company account, the company name will show
in the 'Companies Already Registered..' block in the bottom of the home page.


Company page

When you login using company account, you will see the operation block on the left side of this page.
The operation list:

Profile: Click the 'Profile' button, the big block for the company information will appear in the right
         side of this page. In the profile block, you can edit the company information, then click submit,
         and the all company information update and take effect when you login next time.

All Employees: Click the 'All Employees' button， the block for the employees information list will appear in
               the right side of this page. In the employees list block, you can see the every employee's
               name，address, email, phone number, and you also can click the orange 'Remove' button to
               remove the employee.

All Groups: Click the 'All Groups' button, the block for the group information list will appear in
            the right side of this page. In the group list block, click the orange 'Add New Group' button
            to create new group, it will show a table form, fiil in the group information you want to
            create, the group name, and selecy the employees'names which you want him/her become a group
            member in the member list, then click submit button. After this operation, the new group
            information will show in the All Groups list block, and you also can click the 'Edit' button
            to change the group information again, and click the 'Delete' button, you can delete the group.

All Tasks: Click the 'All Tasks; button, the block for the Task information list will appear in the right
           side of this page. In the task list blcok, click the orange 'Add New Task' button to create a new
           task, it will show a table form, fill in the new task information you want to create, the task
           name, task content, and the people you want assigned to, note you can choose the group or
           individual employee assigned to this task, click the 'Assigned To' list, then you can select.
           Click the submit button when you finish, after this, you will see the new task information shows
           in the all tasks list block, and you click the orange 'Cancel' button, then this task will be
           canceled immediately.

All Announcements: Click the 'All Announcements' button the block for the announcements information list 
                   will appear in the right side of this page. In the announcements list blcok, click 
                   the orange 'Add New Announcement' button to create a new announcement, it will show a 
                   table form， fill in the new announcement information you want to make, the announcement
                   title, and the announcement content, then click the submit button. After this, you will
                   see the new announcement information shows in the all announcements list block, and
                   you click the 'Delete' button, this announcement will be deleted immediately.

Notification: In the right corner of the company page, there is a notification button, it will show the
              number of all message or operation message for this company page. Clicking the notification
              button, you can view the content of each message, and there are 'Delete' and
              'Mark As Read' button you can click, both two buttons will reduce the number of notification
              once you click, but if you click the 'Delete' button, it will disappear in the notification
              list, but 'Mark As Read' does not.

Log out: In the left corner of the company page, there is a orange log out button, click it you will
         log out and back to the home page.



Employee Page

When you login using employee account, you will see the operation block on the left side of this page.
The operation list:

Profile: Click the 'Profile' button, the big block for the employee information will appear in the right
         side of this page. In the profile block, you can edit the employee information, note there is 
         a 'Belongs To' button to select which company you belongs to, it will show a company list which 
         are already registered in the web app, and if you choose empty, you wil not belongs to any 
         company. Then click submit, and the all employee information update and take effect when 
         you login next time.

All Groups: Click the 'All Groups' button, the block for the group information list will appear in
            the right side of this page. In the group list block, you can view the list of groups which
            you belongs to. You can view the company name, group name, group members.

All Tasks: Click the 'All Tasks; button, the block for the Task information list will appear in the right
           side of this page. In the task list blcok, you can view all tasks inormation you or your groups
           are assigned to. The task name, task creator, assigned to who(group or employee), content, date.

All Announcements: Click the 'All Announcements' button the block for the announcements information list 
                   will appear in the right side of this page. In the announcements list block, you can
                   view the all announcements from your company, including the announcement title, content,
                   date.

Notification: In the right corner of the employee page, there is a notification button, it will show the
              number of all message or operation message for this employee page. Clicking the notification
              button, you can view the content of each message, and there are 'Delete' and
              'Mark As Read' button you can click, both two buttons will reduce the number of notification
              once you click, but if you click the 'Delete' button, it will disappear in the notification
              list, but 'Mark As Read' does not.

Log out: In the left corner of the employee page, there is a orange log out button, click it you will
         log out and back to the home page.



Superadmin Page

When you login using superadmin account, you will see the operation block on the left side of this page.
The operation list:

Profile: Click the 'Profile' button, the big block for the superadmin information will appear in the right
         side of this page. In the profile block, you can edit the superadmin information, then click submit,
         and the all superadmin information update and take effect when you login next time.

Website Info: Click the 'Website Info' button, the big block for the website info will appear in the right
         side of this page. In the website info block, you can edit the content of the website information
         which show on the home page. 'Our Company' block content, 'Pricing' block content, 'How to Apply'
         block content. When you finish edit, click the orange submit button in the bottom, it will take
         effect immediately.

All Companies: Click the 'All Companies' button, the big block for the companies info will appear in 
               the right side of this page. In the 'All Companies' block, you can view the list of 
               all companies information which already regiestered, and you have two button in the operation
               list, one is 'Edit button', click it you can edit this company information including password
               , another one is 'Delete' button, click it the company will directly be deleted in this 
               website.

All Employees: Click the 'All Employees' button, the big block for the employees info will appear in 
               the right side of this page. In the 'All Employees' block, you can view the list of 
               all employees information which already regiestered, and you have two button in the operation
               list, one is 'Edit button', click it you can edit this employee information including password
               , another one is 'Delete' button, click it the employee will directly be deleted in this 
               website.

Notification: In the right corner of the superadmin page, there is a notification button, it will show the
              number of all message or operation message for this superadmin page. Clicking the notification
              button, you can view the content of each message, like the user activities and there are 
              'Delete' and 'Mark As Read' button you can click, both two buttons will reduce the number of
              notification once you click, but if you click the 'Delete' button, it will disappear in the 
              notification list, but 'Mark As Read' does not.

Log out: In the left corner of the superadmin page, there is a orange log out button, click it you will
         log out and back to the home page.



Alert/Operation information box:

All operation above in each page, every operation success will appear a box from browser on the top.
The box shows “Operation succeeds", this means the operation you make successfullly, just click blue
'OK' button in the box to continue using web app.
It also will show a unsuccessfully operation, for example, you login a unregistered account, the box will
show "No such user exists"， and lick blue 'OK' button in the box to continue using web app.


Overview of the routes
We have a routes folder including 5 js files which related to the routes.
common.js file is authenticate the user role (employee, company or superadmin)
company.js file is the route for any operations(GET / and  POST /company/profile....) from database.
employee.js file is the route for any operations(GET / and  POST /employee/profile....) from database.
index.js file is the route for any operations(GET / and  POST signup/login/logout....) from database.
superadmin.js file is the route for any operations(GET / and  POST /superadmin/profile....) from database.


Thank you for using Efficient Management by team08.
Enjoy your management !
